While studying for the GMAT, Pejman Pour-Moezzi and Vikram Shenoy work on an idea called Magoosh: test prep with crowd-sourced questions and answers.
Bhavin and Hansoo meet Pejman at the Haas School of Business.
Together with Vikram, they flesh out this new test prep idea.Feedback from potential customers steers them in a new direction, from people-powered prep to expert-powered prep.
Magoosh becomes Magoosh, Inc. and is officially a real company.GMAT math practice questions with video explanations hit the web. Verbal questions and lesson videos are in the works.
A business school hopeful is the first student to put his trust in Magoosh GMAT.Vikram leaves Magoosh for new opportunities. 
Magoosh adds verbal content!Bhavin, Pejman, and Hansoo graduate from Haas. Pejman leaves Magoosh but stays on the Board. Zach Millman interns at Magoosh to rebuild and improve the product.After raising $500K in funding, the team releases its first GRE product.
Chris Lele and Zach come on as our first full-time employees. The team moves into an office space they share with EasyESI (now Everlaw).
Hansoo is diagnosed with non-smoker’s lung cancer and steps away from daily operations.Magoosh struggles and Bhavin begins to raise $250K in additional funding.
The company hurdles the positive cash-flow barrier, with record sales each month and a strong team of 8 in-office! Sales grow 30% month over month.
Hansoo loses his battle with cancer and passes away at 35. Bhavin, Pejman, and Hansoo’s fiancée start the Hansoo Lee Fellowship to support aspiring entrepreneurs at Haas.
Still growing, Magoosh and Everlaw move to a more expansive office in downtown Berkeley.The Magoosh team works with Santa Cruz-based design firm Cosmic to do a giant overhaul of the main Magoosh website and its product pages. (Trust us, it was a BIG improvement!)Magoosh ranks No. 186 on the prestigious Inc. 5000, a list of the 5000 fastest-growing companies in the U.S.
The company's ranking places it in the top 4% of fastest-growing companies in the nation. (For a team of only 25 at the time, it was a huge deal!)Magoosh receives an award from the San Francisco Business Times and is named one of the best places to work in the Bay Area.
Magoosh is now a happy group of 33 full-time, education nerds who are always on the lookout for more friendly and stoked people to join the team!Magoosh receives the Happiest Company in Education award from TINYpulse for a second year.For the second time, Magoosh is named one of the best places to work in the Bay Area by the San Francisco Business Times.
Magoosh has now been in business for ten years, helping millions of students along the way.We roll out paid sabbaticals to eligible full-time and part-time Magooshers who have been at the company for five years or longer.